Include initiatives (#14)
bird-house/birdhouse2-docs: docs/initiatives.md

| DACCS Project| The aim of the DACCS project is to drastically simplify the time-consuming tasks required to extract relevant climate information from large data sets, allowing researchers to focus on solving scientific problems rather than on data management. | 

> | ![](images/logos/pavics_v.svg) | [PAVICS documentation](https://ouranosinc.github.io/pavics-sdi/): Platform for climate analysis and visualization [PAVICS-Hydro](https://medium.com/birdhouse-newsletter/web-processing-services-for-hydrological-modeling-7b5eb5c426ed) This work funded by CANARIE is based on the birdhouse architecture and the Raven hydrological framework  [Pavics deployment](https://birdhouse-deploy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#birdhouse)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![](images/logos/pavics_v.svg) | [PAVICS documentation](https://pavics-sdi.readthedocs.io/en/latest/): Platform for climate analysis and visualization [PAVICS-Hydro](https://medium.com/birdhouse-newsletter/web-processing-services-for-hydrological-modeling-7b5eb5c426ed) This work funded by CANARIE is based on the birdhouse architecture and the Raven hydrological framework  [PAVICS deployment](https://birdhouse-deploy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#birdhouse) [Production PAVICS nodes federation](https://marbleclimate.com/)  |
```
